[Music]
and you know when not when you were baby
you and I used to hang out all the time
cuz I was I was your daddy's girlfriend
but you're not anymore
no I'm not because you guys were on a
break okay we were not where's my daddy
coming back fifty-two minutes so no no
brothers or sisters huh but you know
what I had two sisters and we just
tortured each other really like how well
you know we would we'd repeat everything
the other said or we jump out of closets
to scare each other or switch the sugar
for the salt and they put salt on their
cereal oh that's a good one yeah you
like that one yeah you're funny
I'm funny well maybe I got a ton of
these um you you take a quarter take a
quarter and and you blacken the edge all
right and then you say to a person I bet
you can't roll this quarter from your
forehead to your chin without it leaving
your face and then when they do it
they're left with a big black pencil
line right down the center of their face
can I go to you yeah I'm funny Ben but
I'm not stupid
I have a bone to pick with you
yes Ben learned a little trick that's
right that's right saran wrap on the
toilet seat
so the pee goes everywhere oh that yeah
that you know I hate practical jokes
they're mean and they're stupid and I
don't want my son learning them oh come
on
saran wrap on the toilet seat you don't
think there's just a little fun thing I
was barefoot oh don't tell me the toilet
thing is the only thing you taught him
right yes so uh so where is sweet little
Ben I would love to have a little
I found him very funny
come here that is exactly why I've come
here to talk to you okay
race you want some sugar in your coffee
yes but do I want sugar in my coffee no
just a milk would be good Carol thanks
okay
remember all that stuff I taught you
yesterday and all that stuff I taught
you yesterday don't don't do that
seriously your dad doesn't like pranks
dammit don't go back to repeating dammit
so now what have we agreed no more
pranks I've been what else you and Daddy
were not on a break very cool Rachel
what are you doing here I'm just
visiting my good friend Carol your good
friend
yeah what's her last name Carol lesbian
and by the way that that line down my
face the line that prompted a student in
my last class of the day to say dude
don't you ever what's your face alright
I'm sorry I'm sorry I didn't tell you he
listen I don't want you teaching my son
that stuff anymore okay fine fine but
I'll have you know that once I taught
him that stuff he called me fun Aunt
Rachel and I loved being fun Aunt Rachel
I'm glad you guys were bonding but look
he doesn't have any brothers or sisters
somebody's gonna have to teach him this
stuff and I haven't taught him anything
that a normal six-year-old doesn't know
anyway crap I gotta go